In this video we'll define
something called the cost function,
this will let us figure out how to fit the
best possible straight line to our data.
In linear progression, we have a training
set that I showed here remember on
notation M was the number of training
examples, so maybe m equals 47.
And the form of our hypothesis,
which we use to make predictions
is this linear function.
To introduce a little bit more
terminology, these theta zero and
theta one, they stabilize what I
call the parameters of the model.
And what we're going to do in
this video is talk about how to
go about choosing these two parameter
values, theta 0 and theta 1.
With different choices of
the parameter's theta 0 and theta 1,
we get different hypothesis,
different hypothesis functions.
I know some of you will probably
be already familiar with
what I am going to do on the slide, but
just for review, here are a few examples.
If theta 0 is 1.5 and theta 1 is 0,
then the hypothesis function
will look like this.
Because your hypothesis function will
be h of x equals 1.5 plus 0 times
x which is this constant value
function which is phat at 1.5.
If theta0 = 0, theta1 = 0.5, then
the hypothesis will look like this, and
it should pass through this point 2,1 so
that you now have h(x).
Or really h of theta(x), but sometimes
I'll just omit theta for brevity.
So h(x) will be equal to just 0.5 times x,
which looks like that.
And finally, if theta zero equals one,
and theta one equals 0.5,
then we end up with a hypothesis
that looks like this.
Let's see,
it should pass through the two-two point.
Like so, and this is my new vector of x,
or my new h subscript theta of x.
Whatever way you remember, I said that
this is h subscript theta of x, but
that's a shorthand,
sometimes I'll just write this as h of x.
In linear regression, we have a training
set, like maybe the one I've plotted here.
What we want to do, is come up with
values for the parameters theta zero and
theta one so that the straight line
we get out of this, corresponds to
a straight line that somehow fits the data
well, like maybe that line over there.
So, how do we come up with values,
theta zero, theta one, that
corresponds to a good fit to the data?
The idea is we get to choose our
parameters theta 0, theta 1 so
that h of x,
meaning the value we predict on input x,
that this is at least
close to the values y for
the examples in our training set,
for our training examples.
So in our training set, we've given
a number of examples where we know X
decides the wholes and
we know the actual price is was sold for.
So, let's try to choose values for
the parameters so that,
at least in the training set, given the X
in the training set we make reason of
the active predictions for the Y values.
Let's formalize this.
So linear regression,
what we're going to do is,
I'm going to want to solve
a minimization problem.
So I'll write minimize over theta0 theta1.
And I want this to be small, right?
I want the difference between h(x) and
y to be small.
And one thing I might do is try
to minimize the square difference
between the output of the hypothesis and
the actual price of a house.
Okay.
So lets find some details.
You remember that I was using
the notation (x(i),y(i))
to represent the ith training example.
So what I want really is to
sum over my training set,
something i = 1 to m,
of the square difference between,
this is the prediction
of my hypothesis when it is
input to size of house number i.
Right?
Minus the actual price that house number
I was sold for, and I want to
minimize the sum of my training set,
sum from I equals one through M,
of the difference of this squared error,
the square difference between
the predicted price of a house, and
the price that it was actually sold for.
And just remind you of notation, m here
was the size of my training set right?
So my m there is my number
of training examples.
Right that hash sign is the abbreviation
for number of training examples, okay?
And to make some of our,
make the math a little bit easier,
I'm going to actually look at
we are 1 over m times that so
let's try to minimize my
average minimize one over 2m.
Putting the 2 at the constant one
half in front, it may just sound
the math probably easier so minimizing
one-half of something, right, should give
you the same values of the process, theta
0 theta 1, as minimizing that function.
And just to be sure,
this equation is clear, right?
This expression in here, h subscript
theta(x), this is our usual, right?
That is equal to this plus theta one xi.
And this notation,
minimize over theta 0 theta 1, this means
you'll find me the values of theta 0 and
theta 1 that causes this expression
to be minimized and this expression
depends on theta 0 and theta 1, okay?
So just a recap.
We're closing this problem as, find me
the values of theta zero and theta one so
that the average, the 1 over the 2m,
times the sum of square errors between
my predictions on the training set
minus the actual values of the houses
on the training set is minimized.
So this is going to be my overall
objective function for linear regression.
And just to rewrite this out a little bit
more cleanly, what I'm going to do is,
by convention we usually
define a cost function,
which is going to be exactly this,
that formula I have up here.
And what I want to do is
minimize over theta0 and theta1.
My function j(theta0, theta1).
Just write this out.
This is my cost function.
So, this cost function is also
called the squared error function.
When sometimes called the squared
error cost function and
it turns out that why do we
take the squares of the erros.
It turns out that these squared error
cost function is a reasonable choice and
works well for problems for
most regression programs.
There are other cost functions
that will work pretty well.
But the square cost function is
probably the most commonly used one for
regression problems.
Later in this class we'll talk about
alternative cost functions as well,
but this choice that we just had should
be a pretty reasonable thing to try for
most linear regression problems.
Okay.
So that's the cost function.
So far we've just seen a mathematical
definition of this cost function.
In case this function j of theta zero,
theta one.
In case this function seems
a little bit abstract,
and you still don't have a good
sense of what it's doing,
in the next video, in the next
couple videos, I'm actually going
to go a little bit deeper into what
the cause function "J" is doing and try to
give you better intuition about what
is computing and why we want to use it...